Add scrapeFailureLogLevel config to smartagent prometheus receivers (#3260)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

  that the translation in the prometheus receiver is a subject to possible future changes.
  ([#23229](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/23229))

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - (Splunk) `receiver/smartagent`: Add scrapeFailureLogLevel config to smartagent prometheus receivers to support logging scrape failures at different levels ([#3260](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/3260))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Splunk) `receiver/smartagent`: Add `scrapeFailureLogLevel` config field to `prometheus-exporter` and its sourcing monitors to determine the log level for reported scrape failures ([#3260](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/3260))
```
